Stages based on level on engagement with application


New Application = Community license created, which means login created
Application started = all basic fields entered, however, 
Application requires review = 1+ unverified documents uploaded
Partial Application = 1+ verified documents uploaded, however documents missing
Partial Application requires review = Partial application and  +1 unverified documents uploaded
Complete Application requires review = basic data entered, all required documents uploaded but 1+ are unverified
Complete Application pending approval = basic data entered, all required documents uploaded and verified (not approved by GoEd yet)
Application Approved = Complete Application + Approved by GoEd
Application Approved Agreement Pending= completed application approved by GoEd (and likely GoEd management) agreement generated to be signed
Agreement Signed = completed application approved by GoEd (and GoEd management) agreement sent to be signed
Application Rejected = incomplete or complete application closed due to staff decision
Application withdrawn = incomplete or complete application closed due to applicant decision



Here comes an update and some question in order to be ready for the call on Thursday and so we can test the whole application journey on Monday/Tuesday next week.

Regarding stages and assignments. I have created all the roles we need in the sandbox. Basically, what we need is a simple view for the Application Coordinator to see when new documents and applications require the first level of review. So, we need a queue for this role that will make it extremely easy to take action. The main goal is to get Application Coordinator/Loan Manager a list or tasks/accounts for applications that are in progress so she they can be pushed along, once they are approved and then we wait for underwriting, which means it should end up in the queue for the Loan Manager. See rules below.
-we may change the titles of the roles, or how the amount of days in the rules later on. However, I assume that’s straightforward to update, if not please let us know.

Stage -> Role

Application Entry -> Application Coordinator and Application Manager
Review -> Application Coordinator and Application Manager
Underwriting -> Loan Manager

The process for the Stage Declined should be the following, if Under review, then the Loan Manager should be able to move to stage Declined. For Withdrawn, applicant tells us that they will Withdrawin, then Application Coordinator or Application Manager, moves them to stage Withdrawn.



Assignments related to Queue :
If, Stage “Application Entry” has been active more than 5 days, share with queue for Role: “Loan Manager”.
If, stage “Review” has been active more than 7 days, share with queue for Role: “Loan Manager”
If, stage “Underwriting” has been active more than 7 days, share with queue for Role: “GoEd”

